README: add a note how people can complain (#172)
ansible-collections/community.mysql: README.md

We follow [Ansible Code of Conduct](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/code_of_conduct.html) in all our interactions within this project.

> If you encounter abusive behavior violating [Ansible Code of Conduct](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/code_of_conduct.html), please refer to the [policy violations](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/code_of_conduct.html#policy-violations) Code of Conduct section how to complain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter abusive behavior violating the [Ansible Code of Conduct](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/code_of_conduct.html), please refer to the [policy violations](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/community/code_of_conduct.html#policy-violations) section of the Code of Conduct for information on how to raise a complaint.
```

Author: that's better, thanks! committed
